Uber’s business model is based on commissioning and this is, therefore, its revenue stream. 
The total value of each ride includes the driver’s payment, fees, taxes, and company commission. 
In general, the driver gets about 75% to 80% of the value and the rest keeps with Uber.
But the commission can reach around 50% when it comes in the short run, 
due to the fees and minimum fare. But this is not the company’s only source of income. 
Uber also makes money with promotional partnerships. These are marketing campaigns run through the app and several times through the ride itself 
(for example, the BMW 7 Series offered free trips in their new car to promote it). 
In addition, it is worth remembering that Uber has been expanding its service offering.
Probably the most famous one, 
especially during the period of social isolation on the Covid-19 pandemic, 
is Uber Eats. It is a food service delivery, with the same characteristic as the transportation app — connecting restaurants to costumers through an online platform, 
providing the delivery service through partner deliverers. The revenue streams, 
in this case, are three: advertising, the delivery fee, and the shares in revenue with the restaurants. 
All of these values ​​and percentages vary depending on the location where the operation takes place.
The success of Uber’s business model is very clear from the fact that you will rarely see a user comparing prices on their mobile before ordering a ride. 
They will simply open the Uber app and enter their destination. 
In addition, the company has had a very positive response from the population, 
especially in locations with employment problems, 
as it offers a new possibility to several people who are not working.
Any entrepreneur can draw several “lessons” from Uber’s business model. 
For example, you don’t need large equity to start a business. 
Uber doesn’t even own a car and, still, provides over 1 million rides a day. More than that, 
its founders saw a problem in an industry and simply sought a solution for it. And in doing so, 
they were able to transform the cab industry.